Welcome to Section 10 of the complete web developer course you've now covered HMO CSSA javascript on
the client side and ph pay my escrow on the service side.
So that's pretty much everything you need to build any web website that's currently in existence.
But there are a lot of powerful web services that you can hook your website into without having to build
your own systems.
And we do this using API eyes and that's what we'll be looking at in this section.
We'll start off by crafting our weather app to use an official API which has a number of advantages
over the scrapin method that we used a couple of sections ago.
Then we'll see how to use the Google Maps API to display maps in our apps and get immediate results
for for example postcodes or other location data.
Then we'll use a third type of API to access a real Twitter account and this will enable us to send
tweets to view the users tweets and also to send and receive direct messages.
Once we learn how to do that we can put it all together by building our own Twitter clients IPs are
hugely powerful and allow you to leverage the content and data that some of these massive web services
like Twitter and Google Maps can provide.
So as always be thinking about how you could use one of these IPs in Web sites that you are developing.
And I hope you enjoy this section.